= static_paths

* http://github.com/postmodern/static_paths
* http://github.com/postmodern/static_paths/issues
* Postmodern (postmodern.mod3 at gmail.com)

== DESCRIPTION:

StaticPaths is a library to manage the paths to <tt>static/</tt> directories
within projects. StaticPaths provides the {StaticPaths.paths},
{StaticPaths.directory} and {StaticPaths::Helpers}.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Manages paths to <tt>static/</tt> directories, much like RubyGems and
  <tt>$LOAD_PATH</tt> manages <tt>lib/</tt> directories.
* Allows projects to register <tt>static/</tt> directories using the
  {static_dir} method.
* Provides helper methods in {StaticPaths::Helpers} for searching through the
  register <tt>static/</tt> directories.
* Does not use global variables.

== EXAMPLES:

* Register a <tt>static/</tt> directory:

    require 'static_paths'
    
    module MyProject
      include StaticPaths
    
      # define the static dir(s)
      static_dir File.join(File.dirname(__FILE__),'..','..','static')
    end

* List previously registered <tt>static/</tt> directories:

    # all static directories
    StaticPaths.paths
    # => #<Set: {...}>

    # the static directories registeed in MyProject
    MyProject.static_paths
    # => #<Set: {...}>

* Using {StaticPaths::Finders} to access content from within the
  <tt>static/</tt> directories:

    module MyProject
      class UsesContent
    
        include StaticPaths::Finders
    
	def index
	  find_static_file('index.html')
	end
    
	def file_dirs
	  find_static_dirs('files')
	end
    
      end
    end

== INSTALL:

  $ sudo gem install static_paths

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Hal Brodigan

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
